Add `marketplace[interregional_retailer]` to captures and capture refunds (#178)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: website/content/gateway/api_reference/resources/capture_refunds/capture_refunds.md

{{% regex_optional %}}Optional{{% /regex_optional %}}
{{% /description_details %}}

> {{% description_term %}}marketplace[regional_purchase]{{% regex %}}(true|false){{% /regex %}}{{% /description_term %}}
> {{% description_details %}}Indicates whether a marketplace purchase is regional or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% description_term %}}marketplace[interregional_retailer]{{% regex %}}(true|false){{% /regex %}}{{% /description_term %}}
{{% description_details %}}Indicates whether or not a marketplace retailer outside EEA, Gibraltar, and the UK is involved in the transaction.
```

{{% regex_optional %}}Optional{{% /regex_optional %}}
{{% /description_details %}}

{{% description_term %}}marketplace[regional_purchase]{{% regex %}}(true|false){{% /regex %}}{{% /description_term %}}
{{% description_details %}}Indicates whether a marketplace purchase is regional or not.

> Default: `true`.
> {{% regex_optional %}}Optional{{% /regex_optional %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% regex_optional %}}Required if the merchant is a marketplace.{{% /regex_optional %}}
```
